https://codepen.io/djmiles/pen/wvWjPGx?editors=1100
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define its appearance.
    2. What is HTML used for?  HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language. It allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages and applications.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value".
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?"You can use H1 tags as often as you want on a page. There's no limit. It also describes the most important header of the page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.  Two examples are img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Div
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? h1, h2, h3, etc
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once.
    10. What is a class? Similar to an ID but we can group mulitple elements within. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? h1, div, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href=
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. "?"
    15. How do I reference an id? You will need to add the "#" pound sign.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.
    17. What is CSS used for? css is used for styling the HTML format. 
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page = "h2"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An ID can only be used once while the class can be used multiple times. You will use an ID when giving a specific target a value/name while a class will be used to group mutliple targets/values in the same group.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? ".name of class"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? ".name of class"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? ".name of class"
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It is a keyword added to a "selector" that specifies a state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? "line-height:"
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? "letter-spacing:"
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? "uppercase" "lowercase" "capitalize"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? "border:## dotted "
    29. How do I select everything on the page? HTML
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm. You must becareful because you could possibly delete your whole PC.
    34. Why should I use version control? ersion control enables multiple people to simultaneously work on a single project.
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 15 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


   --> 